# Probabilistic-Method-for-Micro-Grid-Lyapunov-based-Stability-Analysis
This code provide the large signal (Lyapunov method) stability analysis of any typical micro-grid. 
Probabilistic Method for Micro-Grid Lyapunov-based Stability Analysis

This code provide the large signal (Lyapunov method) stability analysis of any typical micro-grid. Renewable energy resources and load uncertainties are considered and modeled by using of Probability Density Functions (PDFs). Also, the uncertain Linear Matrix Inequality (LMI) is considered for Lyapunov role generation. Finally, Domain of Attraction (DOA) is calculated for micro-grid. 
For running of script following the below instruction and for more detail data about the formulations and algorithms check the articles in this field in link below:
Link for articles: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=fbDG3SIAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1

Instruction:

Load file named as “Matlab.mat”.

Run script named as "MicroGridModel.m". The state space model of typical micro-grid is generated.

Run script named as "OrderReduction.m". The system reduced order model is generated by using of Singular Perturbation Theory.

Run script named as "Copula.m". The Load level and PV output power level uncertainties are modeled by Normal and Beta probability density functions, and their correlation is modeled by Copula distribution.

Run script named as"ExaLMI.m". Uncertain LMI is generated and the Lypunov rule is validated. 

[Paper1.pdf](https://github.com/Hahmadi1842/Probabilistic-Method-for-Micro-Grid-Lyapunov-based-Stability-Analysis/files/9902285/Paper1.pdf)
